---
title: School Canteen Advertisement
permalink: /contacts/schoolcanteenadvertisement/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p></p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Type of Stall</p><p></p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Closing Date</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Requirements</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Malay noodles</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>29 Dec 2023</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>sell Halal dishes -noodles, mees siam, laksa, mee soto, et</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p><p><strong>Application Procedure</strong></p><p>1. Download and complete the application form. You may also request for a hardcopy from the School’s General Office.</p><p><a href="/files/Application_Form_for_canteen.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">[Application Form]</a></p><p></p><p>2. Attached the following documents together with the application form:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Photocopy of the NRIC (front and back)</p></li><li><p>List of proposed menu and pricing for all items</p></li><li><p>Photocopy of relevant certificates such as Basic Food Hygiene Course, etc</p></li></ul><p></p><p>3. Submit the completed application form and documents by closing date via email OR to the School's General Office.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Address: 71 Anchorvale Link Singapore 544799&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Contact No: 6315 7600&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Email: <a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">springdale_ps@moe.edu.sg</a></p></li><li><p>Contact Person: Mr Anthony Augustin</p></li></ul><p></p><p><strong>How to get there?</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Nearest MRT: Sengkang MRT (NE16) – 13 minutes walking distance</p></li><li><p>Nearest LRT: Farmway LRT (SW2) – 5 minutes walking distance</p></li></ul><p></p><p><strong>Interest applicants must meet the following criteria:</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Singapore citizen or Singapore Permanent Resident (SPR) for stallholder and stall assistant.</p></li><li><p>Successful applicant and stall assistant(s) must possess the WSQ Basic Food Hygiene Certificate.</p></li><li><p>Able to provide good service and quality food with prices determined in consultation with the school.</p></li><li><p>Able to provide cooked food that meets the health / nutritional standards set by the Health Promotion Board (HPB) under the "Healthy Meals in Schools Programme (HMSP)" guidelines (see [link](<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.hpb.gov.sg/schools/school-programmes/healthy-meals-in-schools-programme</a>)).</p></li><li><p>Able to maintain high standard of food safety and personal hygiene.</p></li><li><p>Healthy and fit to operate the stall.</p></li></ul><p><strong>Applicants should preferably fulfil the following criteria:</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Possess catering experience or experience operating in a school environment.</p></li><li><p>Successful applicant is required to apply for a food stall license from Singapore Food Agency (SFA).</p></li></ul><p></p><p><em>Shortlisted applicants will be notified for an interview and will be required to provide food sampling for the School Canteen Selection Committee at the applicant's own expense.</em></p>